Personal data - Data that can be used to identify a person
Data controller - A person or public body who determines the purpose and how data should be processed.
Data subject - The person whose data is processed by the controller or processor
Data processor - A person or public body who processes data on the controller's behalf
Data Protection Officer (DPO) - Mandated company position in charge of how the company is processing and storing personal data to be in compliance
				       with relevant legislation, being GDPR or the UK DPA.

When Brexit happened, GDPR no longer applied. The UK adopted their own Data Protection Act in 2018 which mimics it.

Data breaches must be reported to relevant authorities within 72 hours.

UK DPA 2018:
	Largely in line with EU's GDPR, which stopped applying to the UK from January 1st 2021.
	Empowers people with the control of their data, allowing requests for access & deletion, but not necessarily for free unless the records in question 													concern credit, health or education. The price is maxed at £10.
	Created new offences for dealing with emerging threats.
	Places the duty on the data controller to notify the Data Commissioner and the individual concerned within a data breach.
	Data controllers and processors exclusively based in the UK may be required to appoint an EU representative.

	Allows users:
		To have incorrect data corrected.
		To be removed from direct mailing lists.
		To prevent the processing of their data if it would cause damage or distress.

	Enforced by the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) who also oversee acts such as the Freedom of Information Act.
	The ICO have a register of all data controllers, and mandate that any organisation processing personal data must register with them.
	Complaints can be made to the ICO who will then perform investigations. 

GDPR:
	Improves data protection within EU member states and internationally by introducing major restrictions on the processing of data concerning EU 																	citizens, even outside of the EU.
	Penalty for non-compliance is 20 million Euros or 4% of annual turnover, whichever is greater.
	
	Principles:	
		Lawfulness, fairness, transparency.
		Purpose limitation.
		Data minimisation.
		Data accuracy.
		Storage limitation.
		Integrity and confidentiality. (Security)
		Accountability.
	
	Gives users the right to be forgotten and to object to the processing of their data.

	Companies should do regular security & risk assessments, alongside security monitoring software, pseudonymization and encryption of all 	processed data.
	
	
