Seems that threat agent is the term rather than threat actor.
The definition of a risk assessment is the process of identifying, estimating and prioritising risks that affect a business and its assets/processes.

Risk assessments define the following terminologies:
	Asset - Something of value belonging to the company; software, hardware, the building, employees.
	Threat - Anything that could exploit a vulnerability, intentional or not.
	Vulnerability - A weakness that could be exploited by a threat AGENT.
	Risk - The combination of these. Probability multiplied by impact. 1 - 5, up to 25. 

Risk management process 
	Identification and control of information asset risks
	Contingency planning
	"Know yourself and know your enemy"
		Know your own systems and assets, and periodically review them.
		Identify, examine and understand possible threats, prioritising based on importance.
		Review your active control methods; are they working? Is it mitigated? If not, why not? Try something better.

Risk identification is the process of examining, documenting and assessing the "security posture" of an organisation's IT and the risks it faces,
as well as its assets. Assets are prioritsed dependent on their value; the CEO's information is a bit more important than the unpaid intern.

Risk control is to take measures to mitigate a risk. For example, password length enforcement controls the risk of brute-forcing.

Asset identification & valuation:
	Is it critical to continued operation and success?
	How much revenue & profit does it generate?
	Would it be expensive to replace?
	Would it be expensive to protect?
	Would it embarrass or damage the company if revealed?
	Is it legally mandatory to protect it?

The answers to those questions dictate how an asset is weighted. 
Weighted factor analysis calculates the relative importance of assets and assigns them a score from 0.1 to 1.0 for each critical factor.
The critical factors then get a weight, from 1 to 100. The diagram on slide 13 explains this best using a table.
 

Risk control strategies:
	Defense approach (preferred)
		Prevents the exploitation of vulnerabilities by defending them, through methods such as:
			Application of policy
			Training and education
			Technology application
		Often requires technical solutions
		Eliminates asset exposure (or attempts to)
		Implements security controls and safeguards to block attacks.
	
	Transference
		Shifting of risk to something or someone else.
		Outsourcing, insurance, contracts with other providers

	Mitigation
		Occurs following a vulnerability's exploitation.
		Follows a contingency plan,	and requires quick detection and response.
		Reliant on the quality of other plans to work.

	Acceptance
		Doing nothing.
		Often occurs if an asset doesn't justify the cost of its protection; it isn't valuable enough to really even matter.
		Must be a conscious business decision that isn't taken lightly.
		
	Termination
		Slightly different to acceptance.
		Removal of an asset altogether so that it can't be exploited.
		Often occurs if an asset doesn't justify the cost of its protection; it isn't valuable enough to really even matter.
		Must be a conscious business decision that isn't taken lightly.