Access control, as you'd expect, exists to prevent unauthorised access to data.
It has two key principles:
	Authentication - Verifying the unique identity of a user.
	Authorisation - Verifying that said user has access rights to said data.

								         (such as a) 				            (such as their)
Authentication - Assigning a unique identifier (username) using a secret (password) known only to them, or a unique feature (biometrics) that characterises them.

Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA, often 2FA) challenges two (or more) of the following:
	Something you KNOW - Password
	Something you ARE - Biometrics
	Something you HAVE - Second device / Access key

Access control requires:
	Reliable input:
		User is authenticated
		User is providing genuine information
	Least privilege:
		Granted precisely the permissions that they need and no more.
	Administrative duties:
		Only special entities may manage access rights or other entities.
		You need to trust your admins. Ideally through some kind of legal agreement.

The elements of access control are the subject (user/process accessing objects), the object (data) and the access right (how they access it [read, write, delete, etc]).

Discretionary Access Control (DAC) is your Lab 5 topic.
It allows subjects that OWN objects to assign permissions to others, which is how it works in operating systems. 
For example, Bob owns message.txt. He may choose to allow Alice to read it, but not Dave, for example.

Mandatory Access Control (MAC [would they use that acornym?]) labels data as unclassified, confidential, secret and top secret. (Secret is more secret than confidential.)
Subjects can't allow other entities to access their resources at their discretion. The access rights afforded to a user are dependent on the data's label. 
The military general can access top secret data, but a sergeant might only be able to access confidential or unclassified data.  The general can't allow the soldier to access it unlike DAC.
It doesn't inherently mean that the general could access data of a lower label though unless he also has that permission. 

Role-based Access Control assigns access rights to roles rather than individuals. For example, admins can access everything, teachers can access most things, students can access one thing.

Rule-based Access Control evaluates access requests against a set of rules. A firewall is a good example of this - requests to access a certain IP may be blocked.
