Authentication - The act of establishing/confirming that something/someone is authentic; could be the validity of someone's claims or their identity itself.

As mentioned in Lecture 5, user authentication challenges:
	Something you KNOW - Username & password
	Something you HAVE - Second device/security token
	Something you ARE - Biometrics

Vulnerabilities can exist client-side, server-side or over the communications channel between the two.

Threats to passwords include:
	Eavesdropping (physically or digitally)
	Shoulder surfing 
	Login spoofing 
	Offline dictionary attacks - Using a dictionary of passwords (like top 10000 most common passwords) and trying them on yours.
	Social engineering - Persuading another to give you the details. Often seen by phishing sites that mimic real sites or scam callers.
	Guessing - Extremely unlikely, but the threat exists if it's from someone who knows you well or the password is weak.
	
Entropy is a measure of randomness/unpredictability. Highly entropic data is very hard to crack, whereas low entropy data is easy.
If my entropy measure is "add a # after each character", that's low entropy because it can be predicted.

Weak passwords, as you'll encounter on most account creation warnings, are passwords that use one type of character (just letters or numbers), 
default passwords, words in the dictionary, basic obfuscation (p@ssw0rd) and doubled words (passwordpassword). Software will automatically
try those.

Having two emails is a good security practice (you have six) but none of them should have the same password (some of yours do)
It's best to regularly change your passwords, as it would stop efforts to crack that one password that isn't it anymore.
Nobody actually does this by choice, so it's often done at some kind of administrative level, like at your school where you were forced to each term.

The issue with having a complex password is that it's also hard to remember. If you can't remember it, you'll probably write it down, but what if I
find the paper you wrote it on? If it's easy to remember, what if I just crack it because it's also easy to work out?




