Slides 26 onwards reference how UNIX systems store passwords, and will likely appear on your exam.

Hybrid dictionary attacks are similar to dictionary attacks where they'll use a list of things to try, but a hybrid will append data to the end.
For example, the dictionary attack may try "Admin", but the hybrid will try "Admin123". This may be done via crunch wordlist generators (?)

Brute-force attacks are self-explanatory. Every possible combination is tried until it works. Needs a very powerful system to work at a usable speed.
Brute-force crackers are publically available, such as John the Ripper. Kali Linux bundles tools for brute-forcing.
Brute force attacks are collosally impeded by setting account lockouts and/or time between each password attempt. 

Rainbow tables contain predefined word-lists created by hashing words. These hashes can then be compared against a hashed password to get
parts of it, which then massively simplifies brute-force/hybrid-dictionary efforts. Rainbow table attacks are thrown off by salted passwords, because
a salted password will produce a different hash, even if two users have the same password.
A tool called Rainbow Crack can be used to perform these. 
Research this in further detail.

Users should be trained in at least basic security (don't share your password, don't click weird links).
Multi-factor authentication is very useful, as the attacker likely will only have "Something you HAVE" (your password), so requiring
another measure on top keeps the system at least somewhat secure even if the attacker manages to get a password.
It's good to not allow users to even try to set a common password. Setting "password" as your password should instantly be forbidden.

Your security measures are mostly for naught if the client has a vulnerability such as a keylogger.
They can be software or hardware, and some actually are used for "legitimate" purposes such as parental control or exam invigilation.

If a system did have a keylogger, it could theoretically be mitigated using an on-screen keyboard and setting form data to autofill, so you're not actually
typing the keys for it to monitor. The best measure is a good antivirus that'll detect it and block it.

Password managers are common now, whether the data from them is locally stored or stored on the cloud such as LastPass (got breached lol)
A password manager is good for keeping track of your strong passwords, though I feel like it's the same principle as writing them down. If I get your
password manager, I have EVERYTHING.
